hey guys it is wednesday so you are
going to be blushing around with me um I
know this video is going up kind of late
hopefully it'll still be wednesday but
it might be in the middle of the night
thursday night or thursday morning
whatever um this is a review week again
we have started our second interval so
we kind of decided to mish mash it up a
little bit and we're doing review week
first this week so the product that i'm
going to review is russia's um Buffy
body bar I went to lush for the very
first time last weekend will this past
weekend and got a ton of stuff um but I
use this bar for the first time today in
the shower and I love it oh my gosh okay
so I'm going to tell you all like the
logistics and stuff first that was
really super crazy or die's um anyway
it's the buffy body bar and this is what
it looks like after it's been used a
couple times but this is the bar what it
looks like and there's stuff coming out
of mine now because I've used it a
couple times um I'm going to read to you
what it says that it does and then when
I tell you my experience with it it
exfoliates it's an exfoliating body
butter to reveal silky touchable skin um
it's lavender scented and then it says
ground rice almonds and a dookie beans
exfoliate to velvety perfection as the
natural butters provide maximum moist
miniaturization what does that mean i
think that they probably meant to put
moisturization i don't know what that
means if it they didn't I don't know um
but anyway you don't even put this on a
loofah you actually use the bar because
it gets really rough um with like the
rice and stuff that's in it so um
what the lady told us at the store is I
am the kind of person where unless I'm
going to wear shorts I do not put lotion
on my legs my legs get really dry but I
don't put lotion on them just because
it's a hassle and I don't like doing it
this is really moisturizing you can
actually use it not even like in the
shower you can like rub your hands on it
Manning stuff all over the place and use
it just like as a lotion it smells like
lavender I don't really like lavender
scented things so it's not my favorite
but you know it smells good if you like
lavender it smells exactly like lavender
um but um I use this today I use it on
my arms and on my legs and then when you
get out you literally do not put lotion
on it's so moisturised it's so nice and
it actually kind of hurts because this
stuff on there it hurts in a good way I
mean you can tell that it's really you
know doing what it needs to do on your
skin but um I really really love this
bar and I really recommend it you can
get it at less you can get it online and
you can get it in a lush store the 7
ounce bar which I think this is the 7
ounce bar maybe this might be the 3.3
ounce I don't know the seventh or the
3.3 ounce is ten dollars and
seventy-five cents and then the seven
ounce bar is 2135 so it is kind of
expensive but I promise you it is worth
it this bar is amazing and I absolutely
love it I'll definitely be purchasing it
again and then if I redo the how to use
thing it says it can be used under water
in the bath or shower by you or your
co-pilot which only if you're married
kids um rub the bar in a circular motion
along all those rough dry body parts
massage in the rich butters were
instantly and air dry as possible body
butters are designed to melt at body
temperature please keep them out of
direct sunlight and somewhere cool for
best results store in lush body butter
tin we didn't get the body butter 10 but
what you need to do basically is just
keep it from getting wet
or being wet all the time obviously it's
going to get wet when you're in the
shower doing it but you need to keep it
like up somewhere or in the tin or out
of the shower if it's going to continue
to get wet because that's not good so um
that is my review definitely check out
lush a lot of their products are really
good check out my main channel i'll be
doing a review of all the lush products
that i got so um check out my main
channel for that and i also put a link
in the sidebar to my blog where I did my
hall and talked about everything that I
got so um you can check that out as well
and be sure to stop by tomorrow I know
Blair XX is on vacation so she may not
be uploading a video this week but if
she does watch out for her tomorrow if
she doesn't upload a video since she's
on vacation then Laura will be on
Fridays will be blushing around with you
on friday so i will see you guys next
Wednesday and I hope you all have a
great week bye